README.md, before:

# Building a Blog Project - The Basics

This is a sample blog project and is all about strengthening the various Django concepts.

## Part 1

Since we are now aware about concept of creating projects & apps, adding URLs, views, templates and static files in Django, we can begin with the development of our blog project.

![Part_1_Structure](other/images/part_1-blogs_project_structure.png)

### Planning the Project

![URLs_Structure](other/images/part_1-blogs_project_urls.png)

Slug is simply a search-engine-friendly identifier. You could also have an id which is just a number and also an unique identifier but that would be less search-engine-friendly since it holds no information about the resource that's being searched and it's also less meaningful to users. That's why you typically use these slugs.

This slug concept is so common that Django actually has a builtin path transformer for slugs. You learned about int and str transformers early in the course. There also is a slug transformer. It checks if the concrete value which is passed in here when this path is reached has this slug format which basically means it's a some text which consists only of characters and numbers and then may contain dashes but it doesn't contain any other special characters or anything like this. So it's basically a value which has this kind of format.

Readings:
[What is a URL Slug?](https://www.semrush.com/blog/what-is-a-url-slug/)

Commit message:

add base & index templates and update docs

README.md, after:

# Building a Blog Project - The Basics

This is a sample blog project and is all about strengthening the various Django concepts.

## Part 1 - Project, App, URLs, Views, Templates and Static Files

Since we are now aware about concept of creating projects & apps, adding URLs, views, templates and static files in Django, we can begin with the development of our blog project.

![Part_1_Structure](other/images/part_1-blogs_project_structure.png)

### Planning the Project

![URLs_Structure](other/images/part_1-blogs_project_urls.png)

```Slug is simply a search-engine-friendly identifier. You could also have an id which is just a number and also an unique identifier but that would be less search-engine-friendly since it holds no information about the resource that's being searched and it's also less meaningful to users. That's why you typically use these slugs.

This slug concept is so common that Django actually has a builtin path transformer for slugs. You learned about int and str transformers early in the course. There also is a slug transformer. It checks if the concrete value which is passed in here when this path is reached has this slug format which basically means it's a some text which consists only of characters and numbers and then may contain dashes but it doesn't contain any other special characters or anything like this. So it's basically a value which has this kind of format.
```

Readings:

[What is a URL Slug?](https://www.semrush.com/blog/what-is-a-url-slug/)
